docs: minor updates for Laravel quickstart guide (#6221)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

Use a new or existing Composer project, or clone a Git repository.

> The Laravel project type can be used for Laravel Livewire, Inertia and others like it can for Laravel. DDEV automatically updates or creates the `.env` file with the database information.

Reviewer: This would be better with links to Livewire, Inertia, etc.

Author: Added links to https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/starter-kits and https://livewire.laravel.com/, inertia is not so well know as far as I know. 👍

> The Laravel project type can be used for [StarterKits](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/starter-kits), [Laravel Livewire](https://livewire.laravel.com/) and others - like it can for Laravel. DDEV automatically updates or creates the `.env` file with the database information.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove the first sentence entirely, because Starter Kits are extensions of Laravel, and the base for all of them is `laravel/framework`, so it's not correct to compare them with Laravel. The situation was different with Lumen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Laravel project type can be used for [StarterKits](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/starter-kits), [Laravel Livewire](https://livewire.laravel.com/) and others, just as it is used with Laravel. DDEV automatically updates or creates the `.env` file with the database information.
```

Reviewer 2: @rfay yes, that sounds better - I made a small change for your comment, removed the `11.x` from the URL.
